PRIVACY POLICY


This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Long Ride Idle (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by Naturemorty. This is a casual idle game for mobile devices. 

 

What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?


Personal information

The Application doesn’t obtain your sensitive information like email address, your name and other information.


Automatically Collected Information

The Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.

It’s necessary for stats and improving the Application.


The Application asks access to external storage. Why?

The Application asks access to external storage for cache video ads in memory device. It’s optional and you can deny access (for Android 6 and higher).


The Application has access to Internet connection. Why?

The Application asks access to Internet connection for showing ads.


Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?

We do not sell or license your information to any other party. However we may use third party service providers (for example, for integrating ads or analytics) to manage one of more aspects of our business operations.

Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application and our service (e.g. service for integration ads or analytics). We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.


We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:


as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
if Developer Company Name is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.

 

What are my opt-out rights?

You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at lemonskapps@gmail.com


Children

We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.


Security

We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.


Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. You can check the history of this policy by clicking here.


Your Consent

By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.  


Contact us

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at lemonskapps@gmail.com
